Managed the OpenShift version object (#1)
appuio/component-openshift4-version: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `openshift4_version`.

== `spec`

[horizontal]
type:: object
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
channel: stable-4.4
clusterID: ${openshift:clusterID}
upstream: https://api.openshift.com/api/upgrades_info/v1/graph
----

See the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/updating/updating-cluster-between-minor.html[OpenShift docs] for available paramters and values.

The `clusterID` is supposed to be extracted from the cluster as a fact.

> The tools of project Syn dosn't yet allow to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools of project Syn don't yet allow to do so.
```

> For now, this behaviour gets mimiked by setting the paramater `openshift.clusterID` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, this behavior gets mimicked by setting the parameter `openshift.clusterID` instead.
```
